If you're not making money with AI yet,
you're probably on the wrong path. And
it has nothing to do with which tools
you use or how technical you are. It has
everything to do with which of the two
paths you pick. Now, there are nine AI
businesses that work right now, and they
split into two different paths. I only
figured this out by building my own AI
app, which now has thousands of paying
users, and also growing the nearly 2
million followers across social media
with zero employees. Now, I've seen a
freelancer doing $30,000 a month from
seven clients. I've seen a guy doing $4
million a year from a paid AI community.
And I just met someone who vibe coded an
app with AI and hit thousands of dollars
in monthly recurring revenue. All are
completely different but valid paths.
Path A is for people who never want to
cold DM a stranger. Path B is for people
who need income this week. So, I'm going
to break it all down. I'm going to tell
you which path is which and then I'm
going to recommend which ones you can
choose. Okay, so let's get started. So
these are the nine paths, but like I
said in the beginning, there really are
two paths you can choose. Path A and
path B. Path A is for people who never
want to do outbound sales. You don't
really want to reach out to people, have
to sell people cold. Okay, so path A is
for building an audience. and path B are
for people who want to pick a niche, do
cold outreach, this could be cold
emails, cold calls, or cold DMs, and get
paid this week. So, if you're looking
for fast income opportunity instead of
something that kind of builds up over
time, right, path A realistically can
take 1 to 3 years. Now, in the AI space,
obviously AI is very hot right now. So,
I've seen people explode in as short as
like 3 months. My journey was similar.
Like it took me about 3 months until I
had my first viral hit. And from there,
everything just kept compounding
exponentially. But this is a bit longer.
If you want cash like this week or next
week, Path B is the one you want to
choose. Neither one is better in my
opinion. It just really depends on what
your needs are and your personality.
Some people are just really comfortable
meeting people cold, reaching out to
people. Other people kind of don't want
that rejection from cold outreach.
they'd rather have people come to them.
By the way, that's me. I do not flourish
in outbound sales. I like it when people
come to me, inbound marketing. However,
keep in mind that most people who
actually hit $1 million, they end up
doing both of these. So, I'm really just
talking about which path you're going to
start with, realistically, you're going
to layer in both of them. Okay. So, now
let's start with number one. So, you
guys have heard me talk about this a
lot, but path number one is becoming an
AI content creator. And it's honestly
really simple. Like all you have to do
is watch tutorials on YouTube.
Generally, you don't want to watch
tutorials on other social media
platforms because short form tutorials
are just too short to convey useful
information. I view all my shorts as
traffic to my long- form tutorials on
YouTube and in my newsletter. So, all
you're going to do is let's say you pick
a topic like Claude, super hot. Go to
YouTube, search for this topic, and then
you're going to follow along these
tutorials. That's day one. And then day
two, you're going to share what you
learned. Okay? And this is the cycle.
That's it. For example, you learned how
to use claude on your phone using
dispatch if you're on co-work or remote
control if you're using cloud code. You
learn that. The next day, you're going
to share it on social media. And this
loop continues and continues till you
grow your audience, your followers,
right? So, you just keep doing this
until you grow your audience and
followers. And the pitch is once you
have honestly even like 10k followers,
it sounds like a lot. It's really not a
lot, but even at 10,000 followers,
you'll notice that you'll start to get
sponsorships and collaboration inquiries
inbound. Now, it may take you, like I
said, even 6 to 12 months for some
people 1 to 2 years to hit 10K
followers. Generally, the AI space is so
hot right now that if you just copy
other people's viral content, you should
be able to hit this in three to six
months. And by the way, the shortcut to
do this is literally to go to Instagram
or Tik Tok, search the hashtag claude,
spend 10 minutes watching the viral
videos that appear, and then you're
going to copy them word for word,
especially the first 10 seconds. Guys, I
cannot tell you how many people like
copy my own videos. They copy my
prompts. They don't give me any credit.
They go viral. And I don't care. Like,
it's totally fine. Copy my videos. Copy
other people's videos. But the most
important thing is to copy it exactly.
Especially the first 10 seconds. People
feel really weird about copying, which
is good because that means you have a
moral compass. However, almost every
single AI creator I've seen explode,
they just did this. Like, this is
literally the formula. You don't even
need Chat to PT. Just open Tik Tok, open
Instagram, search the thing you're
learning. It could be Claude. It could
be Hey Jen, it could be digital twins.
Like whatever the topic is, just copy
the existing viral videos that have at
least 1 million views. Copy it exactly
the title, right? The hook, what they're
saying, like the script. Beyond the
first 10 seconds, you can say whatever
you want, but limit your video to 45
seconds max. And by the way, this
framework applies to text and image
carousels as well. It doesn't just have
to be video. But the general playbook
for people just starting out is to copy
what already works. Over time, you will
develop your own taste and voice and
like what you like to post about and
you'll be copying a lot less. But for
everyone who's just starting, I highly
highly recommend this. Okay, so that's
number one, creating content. And like I
said, the monetization path for this is
you're going to have sponsors reach out
wanting to do collaborations. The reason
for that is there's obviously a ton of
money going into AI right now. And so
you have all of these startups, these
companies flushed with hundreds of
millions of dollars in funding and
they're looking to just buy creators,
sponsor their videos. And so it's
really, really easy to burn money
actually as an AI content creator. In
fact, if you've been in the social media
space for a while, you'll notice that
most creators who are in it for more
than three plus years, they all switch
to AI.
Um because I see like some big creators
and I'm like how did they get that big?
I'm like oh well they started you know 5
to 10 years ago and they're just
pivoting to talk about AI topics because
that's what's doing really well right
now. It's really easy to get started
with contents very easy to get
sponsorships as well. Once you kind of
hit that minimum floor of at least
10,000 followers across platforms you'll
easily start getting sponsorship
collaboration deals. AI business number
two is repurposing as a service. So,
it's actually related to number one. If
you do number one first and then offer
number two, you'll be in a even stronger
position. So, let me type it here. So,
the first step is just explaining what
repurposing is. So, let me explain it in
terms of my experience as a content
creator. So, when I first started, I
just did one LinkedIn post a day. That
was it. Eventually, I got the bandwidth
to do a couple Tik Tok posts per day.
But these are just two platforms. What
about Instagram? What about Facebook?
What about Twitter? What about Substack?
I'm probably missing some. What about
Pinterest? Etc., etc. The pitch here is
you DM a creator and you say, "I want to
help you grow. You don't have to do
anything. I'm just going to help you
grow on these platforms and you don't
have to do anything extra. I'm just
going to take your existing content. For
example, let's say somebody makes long-
form YouTube tutorials. You can take
that, cut it up into shorts, and then
grow it on Tik Tok, Instagram, let's
just say threads to throw it in there.
So, these three platforms. The reason
this works is because content creators
are not system builders. Like, they're
not AI people for the most part. Only a
very tiny portion of content creators
actually know anything about AI,
building systems, automation, or
anything like that, right? You have this
entire other universe of creators who
just don't know how to do any of that,
but they all want to grow. So, if your
pitch to a creator is like, I'm going to
help you grow hands-free on autopilot.
You don't have to do anything, and I'm
going to completely manage it for
multiple platforms is a winning pitch.
People make the mistake instead of
pitching creators like individual tasks.
Like, I am just going to do video
editing. It's like that's nice, but it's
not high leverage. People always want
the outcome and the outcome you're
delivering here are just straight up
followers without zero additional
effort. That is the pitch. That's why
it's compelling and that's the correct
way to approach it. You don't want to
pitch like individual tasks like, "Oh,
I'm just going to do editing for you or
I'm just going to set up your many chat
automation or help you set up your
website." This one's just a one-time
thing. This one is a task. The closer
you can get to promising and actually
delivering on the outcome that creators
want, just followers, the more valuable
your pitch. Nobody else is offering
that. And number three, you have a
unique advantage if you already know
about AI building systems and AI
automation. Most creators are not in AI.
They don't know that you can just take
one type of content and repurpose it
with AI into another type of content and
then post it automatically on social
media. you can be the one to set up
those systems and then charge a monthly
retainer just to keep an eye on it and
make sure it's up to date. So that's
number two. And by the way, right now
we're talking about path A. So path A
are things that take a little bit longer
to build up. It's not necessarily like
the fastest cash, but 6 7 8 9 will all
be path B of like things you can sell
right now. The reason I'm going to start
with these is because they're all
incredibly valuable. If you've heard my
content, building a personal brand or
just getting good at creating content,
whether for yourself or for other
people, is just such a hugely valuable
foundational skill. So, I'll almost
always start my recommendation with this
bias because it's worked so well for me.
And I misunderstood so much of it
because I was technical and had a
Silicon Valley bias when I started
creating content. I really didn't
understand how exponential or high
leverage it could be. So number three is
faceless. Now there's a lot of
misunderstanding around how faceless
channels actually make money. So I'm
going to start by dispelling a lot of
that confusion. For faceless channels,
there are generally two monetization
paths. One makes a lot more money than
the other. So one is getting paid from
the platform based usually on the number
of views you get, the demographics of
your audience. So if it's an older
demographic, it's typically worth more
to the platform and then you multiply it
by views and how long people are
watching. This is called platform
rewards. The second way to make money
through faceless is to use AI to
replicate viral formats that are
faceless and then drive people's to some
kind of offer. So for example, this
could be a mobile app. This could be a
digital product like an info product.
This could be just something in your
link tree. It could even be coaching or
something like that. So, mobile or
digital. So, both paths can work.
However, most of the content you're
probably watching is actually talking
about this path platform rewards. This
can make money. For example, if you've
heard about YouTube channels like ASMR
or bedtime music or interesting like
edutainment style faceless
documentaries, they can make thousands
and thousands of dollars per month. Like
it's absolutely possible to make 50,000
per month with platform rewards.
However, there's really only one
platform where that's possible and
that's YouTube and it's not shorts. It
has to be long- form video. You just
don't get paid that much for YouTube
shorts, for Instagram reels, for things
on Facebook or even from Tik Tok. So, if
you're seeing a lot of content around
making faceless videos, just keep in
mind it needs to be YouTube. It needs to
be long form. And honestly, like 100% of
the truly successful channels I see
monetizing are not automated. So this is
a common misconception. Just because
something is AI does not mean that it
was automated. There's a lot of
conceptions about faceless. So I'm just
trying to clear the misconceptions
related to this one. Faceless platform
rewards and how to make money from it.
Then I'll dive into the next one. So if
you want to pursue this path, YouTube
long form, do not automate it. You can
still use AI though. You can use AI to
generate the images, generate the video
clips, help you with editing, brainstorm
titles, do competitive research, create
the thumbnails, create the SEO optimized
descriptions. You can use AI at like
every step of the process, but do not
automate it. This is a very common
beginner mistake. Oh, I'm just going to
put a prompt here and just let it run
and hope that it works. It's just never
like that. So, the most successful
channels in the faceless space that are
truly making like at least 10, $20,000 a
month, this is the formula. They copied
other channels. They did research on the
niches where you have YouTube channels
with a relatively like low number of
subscribers, high number of views,
faceless, and then they just copy that
format. Like that's it. You'll notice a
recurring trend in content creation,
which is that people are not really that
original to begin with. We just copy
other people. But over time, you develop
your own taste, your own preferences,
and your unique brand. Which is why I
personally don't mind encouraging people
to copy in the beginning because
eventually, as long as you stick in the
contents creation game, you will figure
out all the other stuff. I want to
dispel that myth because I do believe
Faceless is really powerful, but there's
a lot of misleading claims around
income. This makes way more money than
over here. So, it's really hard to get
millions of views on YouTube
consistently because to be generating
this on a consistent basis per month,
you need a lot of views every single
month. Whereas, when you use faceless
formats to drive it to your offer,
offers could even be like your product,
right? For example, I have seen viral
Tik Toks. This is another advantage of
this one. You can use the short form
platforms which have the most explosive
growth. Whereas, if you were optimizing
for platform rewards, even from a viral
Tik Tok, you would not make that much
money. Because I own a faceless channel
that's gotten like millions and millions
of views, and I can tell you like the
money from Tik Tok is like near zero.
Like, it's crazy. But the beautiful
thing is you can use the short form
algorithms, Tik Tok, Reels, YouTube
Shorts, go viral, and then drive people
to an offer that's not based on views
and demographics and things like that.
Just as an example, I have seen one
mobile app basically post slideshows
containing tips on how to go viral on
Tik Tok. It drove traffic back to the
offer which is a mobile app and it
generated thousands and thousands of
monthly recurring revenue from these Tik
Tok slideshows which can be 100%
automated with AI. The cool application
of AI here is that you can replicate
viral formats that maybe they had a
person originally, but now you can
replicate it with AI and make it look
really good too. Make it look really
high quality as well and then post it on
the short form platforms. Leverage their
high growth explosive algorithms and
then drive to a paid offer that's
outside of platform rewards. That is my
spiel on Faceless. So, I think Faceless
gets a bad rep because people only think
about just like weird AI videos, but
actually people are making a lot of
money through Faceless. It just may not
be where you think or what you think.
Okay, so that's Faceless. So, just to
recap the three we've talked about, they
all are path A, meaning takes a little
bit of time to snowball and grow.
Realistically, set aside 1 to 3 years.
This is path A, but they're all really
powerful as well. Number four here is
education. Actually, I'm going to say
specifically education communities. So
number four is education communities.
This also takes a long time to build up.
You will notice that the most successful
communities are started by founders who
did step number one. So they built a
massive brand and following first and
then they launched a paid community and
drove their audience into it. This takes
time. This is a common mistake I see is
like people launch a community and just
assume people will actually want to
join. Um, that's strange. Nobody knows
who you are. You have no credibility. So
like why would random internet strangers
join your community? Okay, so let's talk
about that. So yeah, there are lots of
AI communities in school. A lot of the
ones that I'm in are making at least
$50,000 per month. I think the winner of
school was making 300,000 per month from
a paid AI community. So I'll just give
you some samples or categories. So just
learning AI is just one category. AI
automation is another category. Making
money with AI like how do you actually
pitch and sell your services? What
should your services be? Creative use
cases like really cool videos. How to
use AI image and creative tools like in
a really advanced way like not a noob
beginner way. Vibe coding is another
upand cominging area. So there are a
couple school communities popping up
here. There's a lot here in this one.
And then there are also communities
popping up targeting different
demographics. For example, I have a
school community. It's free, but it's
like specifically for women in AI.
That's one example demographic. I'm also
seeing school communities pop up
targeting for example Gen X, right? So
that would be another demographic that
you can target. And the reason why
communities are really powerful as a
revenue model is because it's recurring,
right? So, traditionally in the info
product space, you might sell like a
course, you might have a cohort or like
workshops. And the cool part about a
community is it has all of that, but it
also has people. And what I've learned
is that people are actually premium.
Like people are willing to pay a lot of
money to be in a space of other talented
amazing people. That's why even for my
free community I have qualifying
questions before you can join because I
don't want lowquality people. I want
highquality people because that is what
makes a community special and valuable.
So in the traditional info products
world you might sell a course cohort or
workshop one time. The cool thing about
a community is it's a recurring monthly
fee. That's why when I mentioned earlier
like the types of communities in AI,
pretty much all of the ones I'm actually
active in make at least $50,000 per
month with a very very tiny team. So
what is the offer here that's so
special? So the community itself comes
with a course. So if you join any of the
AI communities, it'll have like a
classroom laid out. Start here, learn
this. So it comes with this course. It
kind of comes with a cohort because
you're learning alongside new people all
the time. And then you have like weekly
workshops, meetings, builds, Q&A
sessions. So that's all included in the
community. And then it also comes with
like amazing talented people so that you
feel part of something bigger than
yourself and you're inspired by other
people who are winning in the community.
So the community offer as a whole is all
four of these. You get courses, you get
to learn alongside people who are at the
same level, your cohort. You get weekly
workshops in my school community. We
have like four to five events per week
that are free for members. Like that's
incredibly valuable. And then you get to
be surrounded by people who are actually
winning. So my favorite posts in any
community are the wins.
And this is how you actually distinguish
your community from all of the other
ones out there. It's very easy actually
to copy other people's content. You
could just join a community, copy all
their courses, and in fact, people do
that all the time. That's one of the
downsides in general of info products.
But what you can't replicate easily are
the people number one, and the wins that
they have. For example, somebody sharing
that they just closed a $10,000
contract. Somebody sharing that they
just hit a revenue milestone for their
app. somebody sharing that they just
signed on three speaking gigs worth
$15,000. Like those are the things that
are really hard to replicate but make
your community super super valuable long
term. Okay, but how do you actually
build the community? Well, if you study
all the communities I'm in that make 50k
plus per month, the funnel is like
really really simple. It's actually all
number one content. So basically they
make content. Primary platforms are
YouTube, long form and Instagram because
this has DM automations. So Instagram
and Facebook because of their many chat
automations makes it exceptionally easy
to drive people to a specific offer. So
their top of funnel here is YouTube
videos, Instagram videos, and then they
just drive people to the school
community. For example, here's a really
complicated AI automation. You can build
this yourself or you could just join
this school community for whatever $70
per month and just download the
template. A lot of people who value
their time will just join the school
community. It comes with a lot of other
perks as well. Like I talked about like
the whole classroom, people who are
winning, discounts, etc. This is the
entire funnel. It's not more complicated
than this, but you can absolutely scale
this to 50,000 per month with honestly
no team. You might want to hire a couple
people for your sanity, but it's
definitely possible to scale this. Okay,
now we'll talk about path B. So
everything we talked about in path A,
one, two, three, four, it absolutely
works, but it can take 1 to 3 years to
compound and really figure it out. So
what if you need income like right now
or yesterday? That's where people kind
of object to building an audience and
would prefer a business idea that leads
to cash faster. So, the next four
businesses can put money in your bank
account within the next, let's say, 72
hours cuz I don't want to overpromise.
Okay, so number five is building a
personal AI assistant for busy founders.
Okay, we're going to call this an
assistant. So, just imagine like a busy
founder. Actually, this is me right now.
I had so many bugs in Blueot this
morning. Like, it was insane. So, just
imagine like a really busy, stressed out
founder. Maybe it's a solo founder,
maybe they have a tiny team. They're
honestly just drowning in work every
single day. Most founders again are
non-technical and just like content
creators, they are not building systems
or automations actively. Most founders,
what the opportunity here is is to build
an AI assistant for them that actually
takes off like 10 to 15 hours of work
every single week. So, for example,
building an AI assistant that like scans
their email every morning and surfaces
the things that are most urgent, that
looks through their CRM data, follows up
with leads that are stale or leads that
are at risk, right? That's a huge one.
Like building internal dashboards just
so the founder knows what is even going
on in their company like sales
dashboards, support dashboards, social
media dashboards for analytics. All of
these things are incredibly valuable to
a busy founder. But a typical busy
founder is non-technical. They don't
know how to build systems. They don't
know how to build automations. And
they've heard about this AI thing, but
they don't like really know where to
start. Because if you just like Google
search or ask chat AI, you get about a
billion different things and they're all
geared towards different types of
people, right? So if I am just a busy
founder, like I need help with sales, I
need help with support, I need help with
marketing, usually social media
marketing, and I need help with admin.
Another area here could be like
recruiting, HR, so building automations
to help find really good candidates and
also filter through applications. But
these are the stereotypical areas that
every founder needs help with, right?
We're talking about recruiting,
admin/productivity,
sales, CRM, support, marketing like
social media marketing, etc. So, you
have a defined archetype and they have a
defined set of problems. The offer here
is to build an AI assistant. You could
call it like their second brain or
something. But the distinction though is
this AI assistant should actually do
stuff, not just tell you to do stuff. So
it should be able to write emails. It
should be able to proactively reach out
to leads that have gone stale or that
are at risk in your pipeline. Like it
should be able to actually do things,
not just tell the founder, here's
everything you're missing out on. Is
that stressful? So the offer here is
build an AI assistant to help with, you
know, it doesn't even have to do all of
these tasks. I would personally start at
probably admin cleaning up email and
then also CRM. And by the way, there are
AI tools you can install to do this,
right? The offer is setting it up and
then maintaining monthly or continuing
to build on top. And if you ask, well,
where do you get your first five
customers? It's really, really easy. I
would just cold DM people on Instagram
and LinkedIn. Pretty much only those two
platforms. Instagram is the new
LinkedIn. LinkedIn is like kind of
irrelevant now. All of the people who
have LinkedIn profiles hang out on
Instagram. Like they don't really hang
out on LinkedIn unless you're actively
searching for a job unless you're
recruiting or unless you're selling
something or building a personal brand.
Like those are the archetypes of people
hanging out here. that all of these
people hang out on Instagram all of the
time. Okay, so all you have to do is DM
busy founders on Instagram and LinkedIn.
Well, you might say, "How do I find busy
founders?" Well, obviously you can make
content, right? However, we talked about
like you want cash now. So, I wouldn't
recommend this. What I would recommend
is go find the people who are making
content. Let's say someone's making a
video about productivity AI tools. Go
find the people who commented on that
video. Right? You guys have seen my
Instagram reels where it's like, "Hey,
there's just like this amazing thing.
Comment this to get the playbook." Okay?
So, go to those people who commented to
get this amazing thing because clearly
they want the amazing thing. However,
most people like commenting on that
stuff, they don't take action anyway on
the thing that you're giving them just
cuz they don't have time. Like I can
send someone a 30-minute tutorial, but
like at the end of the day, I'm counting
on that person to actually go through
the 30-inut tutorial. Whereas, if you've
never run a business before, this may
come as a shock, but if you've run a
business, busy founders like to throw
money at problems. Like, I would much
rather have someone DM me, hey, I'm
going to do everything for you. Just pay
me this. I'll be like, okay. because I
don't want to sit around for 30 minutes
to set it up and probably troubleshoot
it and it's going to take like 3 hours,
right? I'm drowning in work. Like this
is the busy founder drowning in work
pulled in every direction. Total FOMO
cuz they hear about this AI thing, don't
know what to do with it. You need to
just do it for them. Like they shouldn't
even care about what tools you install.
So for example, for email fixer is a
really awesome tool specifically for
email. You don't have to set up like all
this nen weird stuff. just installing
that and maintaining that and then it's
rolling it out for the rest of the team
is like a huge productivity unlock that
normally they would have to do
themselves and they don't want to do it
themselves. So when you're pitching to
founders, honestly, any executive, this
is the main thing to keep in mind. You
need to like just do it for them and
just charge more because it's fine.
People, they don't want to have to do
stuff themselves. And I'm saying that as
someone who gets DMs every single day,
I'm like, okay, that's nice, but I still
have to do all the work, so it's not
that valuable to me. So yeah, I mean,
that's pretty much the pitch. Like, I
will build you an AI assistance that is
going to save you 15 plus hours per
week. Like that's the pitch. And I would
just start with a small subset of things
that you're confident you can automate
or streamline. Like I mentioned before,
email is a really good one to start
with. Anything related to social media
marketing. For example, you could build
a nice little dashboard where you can
see everybody's posts and how well
they're performing. Like little things
like that. You'd be surprised how little
visibility founders have into what's
actually going on. If you ask me right
now which of my posts have done well in
the past week, I couldn't tell you. I
just don't even look. I have so much
other stuff I'm trying to do and build
and fix that I don't even know. So,
multiply that for your typical founder
who's non-technical, does not build
systems, does not build automations, and
does not have time to learn any of this
stuff. Okay, so number six is Claude.
Specifically, Claude training for
businesses. Okay, Claude is basically
the hottest AI tool to learn right now.
And there are tutorials on it on
YouTube, but there's really not as many
as you would think. Like I have some
co-work tutorials, but there's probably
less than a hundred co-work tutorials in
total on YouTube because it's fairly new
and there are all these different use
cases that aren't addressed in the
tutorial. For example, how do we use
Claude Co-work as a team? like most
people making Claude tutorials are
literally like soloreneur. So I don't
even know what I would do to use it as a
team. It's just not something I do. Um
and then well how do I use cloud if I'm
at a mid or largesiz company? I
personally am using cloud just as a solo
person. So I don't really think about it
in terms of team rollouts or in terms of
the challenges and caveats of rolling it
out at a mid to large company. However,
everybody wants to learn cloud.
Literally everybody. Whether it's SMB,
midl large, soloreneur, everybody just
wants to learn claude. So there's a ton
of opportunity. So here's the offer.
It's claude training for businesses
specifically. I would say business
teams. And again, you can have different
variations of this. You could do a
claude co-work training. You could do a
cloud code training for teams. You could
do a cla training specifically for
marketing teams. You could do a cloud
training specifically for busy founders.
Cloud training for finance people, CFOs,
accountants. You can pitch this many
different ways, but all I'm saying is
there's a massive opportunity and
honestly not enough supply for clawed
training, especially when you think
about in the context of all the mid to
large companies and teams that are
trying to figure out how to use this. So
the pitch is literally I'm going to
train your team how to use Claude in one
day and you're going to save five hours
per week per person and let's say you
charge whatever 10 to 40k for that.
People ask me all the time like how much
should you charge? And my answer for
services, training, consulting is always
the highest number you can say out loud
without laughing
because it's really more of like a
personal security thing than it usually
is a budget thing. We're talking about
like companies, guys. Companies have
money. They don't know what to spend it
on. They spend it on a lot of wasteful
things. So I think AI training and
upskilling your people is actually a
very good use of funds for a business.
And so I'm a big pro proponent actually
in charging businesses even though I
keep all my AI education free for
consumers, right? Because that's who's
mostly digesting my content. So how do
we find our first five customers? So
let's say you watch Sabrina's Cloud
tutorials and you are now a Claude
Co-work Pro. I just posted a video today
or yesterday. It's my Claude Co-work
Master Class from last week with five
insane use cases. If you just go through
that one video, you can absolutely start
charging businesses thousands of
dollars. Like, I've gotten comments on
that video that are like, I cannot
believe this is free. This is like more
I've learned than paying thousands of
dollars for this other thing. All of the
content and education already exists out
there. It's just a matter of like
packaging it for a particular type of
business or packaging it for a team.
Like in that video, I don't really talk
about how you would roll this out and
collaborate within Claude in a team
setting. So there's a lot of value in
adding that perspective in. But in terms
of how to get your first, let's say,
five customers. And remember, we're
going for as fast as possible.
Obviously, you can make content and I'm
a big proponent of that, but it's a
little bit slower. So here, I would say
number one, the same thing we talked
about before, cold DM, focus only on
LinkedIn and Instagram. Same principle
as before. Like go find a viral Claude
video, look at who's commenting and DM
those people. Just be like, "Hey, I saw
you were interested in like setting up
Claude and Remotion to make unlimited
videos." I actually like teach teams how
to do that. Would your team be
interested in that? Actually, from my
Remotion tutorials, I get lots of
requests that are like, "Can you just
set this up for me?" Go back to what we
previously talked about. Busy founders,
they want you to just do it for them.
It's one of my challenges with my own
education. And it's like I can show you
everything, but at the end of the day,
someone has to do it. So cloud training
is great because you can actually like
sit down virtually with a whole team and
make sure everyone is hands-on doing
stuff and learning this stuff. So same
as before, cold DM people on LinkedIn
and Instagram, look for people who are
already trying to learn this stuff.
They're commenting on reels, trying to
get the playbooks, trying to get the
guides. I guarantee you some percentage
of them just want you to do it for them
or hold their hand through it and
they're absolutely willing to pay.
Second way to get customers is to be a
guest on a large podcast or YouTube
channel that does Claude training. For
example, if you check my YouTube
channel, I've recently had guests
walking through their Cloud setup, their
Microsoft C-Pilot setup. And from that
collaboration, you not only build your
own content and personal brand, but you
can get leads directly from the content
directly because everybody knows I don't
do consulting, coaching, training, or
any of that. So, I'm just going to refer
you to the person who's in the video
showcasing their expertise. So to do
this though, what you should do is you
DM YouTubers that are covering Claude
and be like, "I made a really unique
Claude workflow. It does this. Would you
like me to show it to your audience for
free?" YouTubers love this because it's
like extra content for free. No
additional work. I just have to show up,
ask some questions, right? And then you
benefit from this because then people
watching your video are like, "Oh, wow.
That looks super cool. I want this guy
to roll it out in my team or train my
team on exactly how to do this. Okay, so
that's another idea. Honestly, just cold
DMs work. And let me caveat this. Don't
DM five people per day. DM like 200
people per day. So, just a quick note on
volume. When I say DM people, I mean
like sit there for 4 hours DMing people.
Don't just DM people for 10 minutes and
then wonder why no one responded. more
than 200 might be flagged as spam on
these platforms. So, I would safely keep
it to like 200. But for sure, after like
one week of doing this, you're going to
get clients. It's impossible not to.
There's so much demand for Claude lack
of supply in terms of highquality
training. And then the people who do
have highquality training often don't
have a personal brand. It's not like
their funnel is full of volume and
overflowing either. just tons and tons
of opportunity for cloud training
specifically for businesses,
specifically for teams. That's how I
would pitch it. So, now we're going
through the list of get paid as fast as
possible. Number six was cloud training
for businesses. And number seven is kind
of in a similar vein, but it's
consulting. And you know, there is
overlap between claude training and
consulting. But the reason I single out
cloud training is because I'm personally
seeing a spike in demand for that
specific thing, that specific tool.
teach a business that has multiple
people, a team. That is a very specific
offer. When it comes to AI consulting,
like traditionally, this could be things
like strategy. So, you would normally
start with an audit, right, to identify
gaps and processes in a business where
AI could be deployed to help streamline,
automate things or save hours and hours
per week. It could be tool selection
like what's our actual implementation
roadmap for automating processes with AI
or rolling out things. It could also be
training but it doesn't have to be
claude training. In a lot of mid to
large companies for example they're
stuck with co-pilot no matter what like
they just cannot use claude they cannot
use chatbt etc. So it could be a
different type of AI training. It could
be co-pilot training etc etc. I will
caveat this by saying AI consulting is
hard to get into if you've never done it
and have no work experience. Meaning
like you don't really know how to reach
out to people. You don't know how to set
expectations. you don't know how to set
up a successful engagement. It can be
really stressful to start with, but it
also teaches you those amazing skills.
So, everything I just said, how to set
expectations properly, how to reach out
to people, how to sell them, how to set
up engagements so they're successful,
those are all really incredible skills
you learn through AI consulting. And
it's also one of the fastest paths to
cash. So, once you learn how to do it,
you always feel like you can do it
again. If you were in a cash crunch this
month, you can be like, "Okay, let me
just grab another consulting client or
two because I know that this month is
going to be a cash crunch." So, what is
the offer? Honestly, it can be any
combination of these, but usually as a
consultant, you'll start with this first
step because until you have a clear
picture of what a company does, the
tools they use, how their processes
work, how the teams collaborate, it's
really hard to recommend some of these
other things. So, a lot of consultants
will start with what's called an audit
just to understand where your business
is at, especially in terms of AI
adoption and AI fluency. News flash,
most people at are like a level one out
of five. So, if you're watching this Tik
Tok or YouTube, you are in a very tiny
tiny bubble in the world of people
watching AI content on a Friday
afternoon. Most normal people would
think that's really weird. So, just so
you're not surprised, on a scale of 1 to
five in AI fluency and maturity, most
businesses are at a level one. We're
talking like they installed chat GPT a
few months ago and they like typed in
some prompts, like not even some very
good prompts. People are always
surprised by that. But that's why
there's so much opportunity in AI
education, training, and consulting
right now because the gap is actually
huge. And there's a lot of highquality
education content out there, but it's
not reaching the mainstream. If you
watch co-work tutorials, there may be
like one or two co-work tutorials that
have crossed 1 million views on YouTube.
Just keep in mind, you're in a tiny
bubble. If you're watching this right
now, most businesses you interact with
are going to be at a level one out of
five, which is why you really want to
start here and understand that before
recommending tools or building out road
maps or even structuring your training.
So, the pitch is really simple. Hey, I'm
an AI expert. I help people save 20
hours per week and gain more revenue
through the adoption of AI tools. Let me
audit your business and I'll show you
where AI will save you time and money.
Typically for an audit, some people do
it for free when you're just starting
out. I think that's okay. But typically
for an audit, as low as 500 to as high
as 15K. It really depends on the
complexity of the business and whose
attention you have. When you're dealing
with like businesses that are actually
generating money, this is not considered
a lot of money. Businesses often waste
money on so many things, which is why
I'm actually fine charging businesses
with money because I would rather
businesses invest in upskilling their
employees than random other wasteful
stuff that businesses spend money on.
So, how do you get clients though?
Surprise. It's not different. If you're
noticing a recurring theme here of like
cold DM people on LinkedIn and
Instagram, it's because it works. Even
for my own app, which is a product,
because you can set up many chat
automations on Instagram and because
LinkedIn does still have decision makers
and stuff, this works. You just need to
write a cold DM that's not total AI
slop. Like the bar is surprisingly low.
I personally respond to cold DMs on
LinkedIn and Instagram. In fact, that's
how I hired one of my video editors. He
just cold DM' me with a work sample and
I was like, "Oh, this is awesome. You're
hired." Like that was it. A very fast
decision. If you're afraid of rejection,
I get that. But this is virtual. Usually
the worst that happens is people don't
respond to you, which is really not that
big of a deal. Why most people fail at
cold DMs is because they just don't do
enough volume. I see this all the time.
I'm like, "Hey, well, how many people
did you reach out to today?" And they're
like, "10." And I'm like, "Why?
Set aside like 4 hours and just sit
there and DM people." and I promise
within 1 week you will have people
willing to pay you for help. I know this
because people DM me asking me for
consulting every single day. And I'm
like, "No, I don't do that." But there's
a lot of other people who do. Go and
reach out to them. Part of what's in
your favor here is AI is such a hyped
hot space and everybody's heard about it
and every business owner doesn't want to
fall behind. And that's part of your
pitch. I'll audit your business, show
you where to save time and money, make
sure you don't fall behind, make sure
you're adopting AI, bleeding edge, so
that you can beat your competitors. It's
actually the same time old business
pitch. Every sales pitch actually
follows this formula. We're just now
tacking on the word AI at the end of it.
So, don't underestimate this. I know
I've said this again and again, but
that's because I know for a fact this
works. I've literally hired someone
through exactly this. So if you don't
want to make content because it takes
time to build up, right? Path A 1 to 3
years to build up. This is path B. This
is getting sales this week. This works.
Number eight is a AI automation agency.
A triple A. This is a fun one to talk
about and I will also dispel a lot of
the monetization myths around this one
cuz people are like really struggling
with this one and they're wondering like
should they be struggling this much? Is
it supposed to be this hard?
So, let's just talk through the basics.
Like, what is an AI automation agency?
Well, it's basically saying, "Hey, you
have a bunch of disparit tools in your
business. I'm going to help you connect
them all and streamline your processes."
Same old business Save you time,
make money. Like, that is the only thing
anyone actually cares about in a
business context. So an AI automation
agency says, "I'm going to go look at
your business. The things that are
manual, the things that are taking up
your team's times and should be
streamlined or automated with the help
of combining AI plus automation. These
are two different things by the ways
guys. Like before AI automation agency,
there was also just automation agency
like low code or no code automation
agency in which case you'd connect NADN,
make.com and Zapier or like write custom
scripts to automate stuff. it just
wouldn't have any AI API calls like
there's no chat GPT 5 years ago but yeah
AI this just came from automation and
then you stick AI on top so what does
that mean in practice let's say this is
your automation and one of these nodes
calls chat GBT okay this is now an AI
automation like that's what that's all
it became people have been building
workflow automations for literally
decades the company that acquired my
first startup was a pioneer in this
space it's called robotic process
automation. It's literally just mapping
out your process and figuring out what
can be automated with software and
technology. AI automation agency just
means some steps in your automation now
call AI. So let's say this step number
two calls chatbt it's now an AI
automation agency and traditionally to
get work. So people obviously content
like if you make YouTube tutorials then
people will reach out to you asking hey
can you set this up for me but again
this is path B. So like how do you get
paid right now? A lot of the bigger AI
automation communities will tell you
apply to Upwork. I have thoughts on this
maybe I should expand but I guess number
three is also you can still DM people.
Like this one just isn't going away.
This is crazy effective and it's free.
But let's talk real quick about what
does monetization look like for an AI
automation agency. So, there's probably
a lot of content out there telling you
you're going to make like craploads of
money if you start an AI automation
agency. However, if you look at most of
the creators, 99% of the creators I've
seen who are pushing people to start AI
automation agencies, they actually make
more money from their community and
education compared to their agency. So,
I'm not saying their agency doesn't make
any money, but their agency doesn't make
anywhere near as much money as their
community. The reason why is because
this type of agency is really, really
hard to scale up. Cuz think about what
it takes to make it work. So, you need
someone to do marketing. You need
someone on the front end bringing
clients in. So, that could be through
content, cold DMs, applying to jobs on
Upwork, whatever it is. You need this
person filling the funnel. And then you
need someone to do the backend
fulfillment like actually build the
automations, troubleshoot them, debug
them, maintain them. If you guys have
built automations in NAD or any workflow
tool, they break all the time. There's
always like all of these edge cases you
did not plan for, random things
happening, terrible tools that don't
have APIs, but somehow you're expected
to integrate and automate them. It's
really messy and it's really gross. In
fact, I think AI automation agencies are
one of the hardest monetization paths,
which is why I put it at the very end.
Number eight and number nine next, in my
opinion, are the two hardest paths. That
doesn't mean they can't work, but
they're way harder than anything else on
the list. Like the typical business you
go into is a complete disaster from like
an infrastructure point of view. They
have data all over the place. It's
messy. It's unstructured. It's
duplicated. Systems don't talk to each
other. Nobody has documentation. There
are tools they use that don't have APIs.
It's going to be terribly annoying to
automate and integrate and sync with
others things. It's actually just a
mess. Like one recurring theme I've said
here is most founders are not technical.
As a result of the background of a
typical founder, non-technical, doesn't
build systems, doesn't build
automations. You just get like really
really messy businesses. That doesn't
mean they're not profitable. they're
profitable despite everything being a
flaming mess. It's just like no one
looks or you just get used to doing
stuff manually. You get used to the
grind. You don't realize like, hey, this
could be automated if we like cleaned up
a few things over here because it's so
messy. An AI automation agency is like a
lot more work than it seems. So, you
have aspects of consulting here. You
have to do the audit. You have no idea
what tools they use, what their
playbooks or SOPs or processes are
today. And then you have to think about
what tools to recommend. And you have to
roadmap what your proposal is. Like if
we're going to clean up how you do
customer support, we have to understand
how you do customer support. Figure out
what's going to be like streamlined.
Figure out what tools we're going to
use. Figure out how you're going to plug
into existing tools you currently have.
How we're going to deploy it. Who's
going to maintain it? Who's going to
debug it if it breaks? It's usually you.
By the way, it's a lot of work. It's
like consulting but even harder.
I think you can make money for sure. You
can make a million dollars with an AI
automation agency. I just don't think
it's as easy as you might think. There's
a reason why the people who are kind of
like selling the dream of AAA actually
make a lot more money with their
communities than they do through their
AI automation agency. And 100%
guaranteed their agency. They're not
even involved in it. like they just
hired a team of people to do it because
it is that bad of a headache. I'm
technical and I personally would not
want to start an AI automation agency.
That's not because I I'm not bullish on
automations. I think everybody should
learn automations and build systems.
That same amount of effort which I could
apply with any of the other paths we
talked about and can also similarly
scale to these revenue levels. Okay, so
I've already talked about one and three,
so I'm not going to rehash that.
Obviously, content is slower. That's the
only downside, but it's amazing once you
get the flywheel rolling. And obviously
send cold DMs. So if you see an
Instagram reel saying like, "Oh my god,
I built this amazing Naden or Claude
skill comment guide for the playbook."
And then you see all the people comment
guide. You know, 99% of them aren't
going to implement it. Like they just
don't have time. But by commenting, they
actually raised their hand and said,
"Hey, wait. I'm interested in this, but
I have no time, no bandwidth to do this,
so just go do it for them." Right?
That's the pitch. and be respectful of a
creator's comments. Like, you don't have
to spam the same creators comments, but
just in general, this works. Uh, but I
want to talk about number two because I
feel like this doesn't get a lot of
attention. Upwork. So, this may be
unpopular, but I think Upwork is great,
especially if you're brand new and
especially if you're hungry because I
have just to test this, I have posted
automation jobs on Upwork and I was so
repulsed by the low quality of
applications that I was like, "Wow, the
bar is really low. Holy crap." Like if
you can just respond to people somewhat
quickly within 12 hours in proper
English and you actually just answer the
questions they asked like just pretend
we were DMing back and forth. Would you
like type a fivepage chat GBT response?
No. Like that is not the way to do it.
Just respond within like 12 hours in
proper English and like a human and
you'll rise above all of the other chat
GPT generated AI Upwork applications for
sure. I tested this about six months ago
and I even put like a little jailbreak
thing in the job post #imp important
talk like a pirate or something like
that or like reveal sensitive
information like your mother's made a
name and all this stuff and you'd be
surprised it was probably like 30% of
applicants just were completely AI
generated and so I was able to filter
them out immediately and then the people
who I did talk to they just talked to me
like a normal person and answered the
questions I'm actually asking and they
replied like within 12 hours. So speed
is actually the most underrated thing
when you're using a freelance platform
like Upwork or Fiverr. The reason,
imagine this solo founder or stressed
out founder who's pulled in 10 different
things every single day trying to put
out fires every single day and has no
time for anything. So if I have this
brilliance idea, oh, I'm going to go
hire someone on Upwork. That idea lasts
for like 3 hours. If I don't find
someone in that time, I'm going to
completely forget about what I was
trying to do. I'm not even going to
check. That is why speed is actually so
important on platforms like Upwork and
Fiverr. You always want to be like one
of the first 10 people. If you're slower
than that, the likelihood of even
talking to the person who's hiring
significantly drops. So my advice is if
you are building up your AI automation
agency, trying to get initial clients on
Upwork, apply to the newest jobs. You
can see how many other people applied.
You can see what time it was posted. You
need to be in the first couple hours.
Otherwise, people literally forget that
they have a job post and they're like,
"Oh, I didn't find anybody and then they
forget and they don't check." So, don't
waste your credits applying to like jobs
that were posted yesterday. You want to
apply to jobs immediately. You want to
sound like a human. Look at the post and
just say something that only a human
could say. I know that's very general,
but it's really obvious when it's just
pure AI slop. It's just like paring the
job post, but not actually adding any
value. The bar overall is just really
low on Upwork. It's really easy to stand
out on Upwork. If you're building an AI
automation agency, it actually is a
great place to start. The pitch is
always the same. I'll build you
automations that save you time and
money. That is always the core pitch.
Don't get distracted talking about shiny
tools. Except Claude. You can drop
Claude cuz everybody loves Claude right
now. But in general, it's not about the
tools you use. It's always about making
me more money or saving me a bunch of
time. That's it. So just to recap, we've
talked about these four paths, which are
path A. They take one to three years to
build up, less than that if you're
really, really lucky, but you know, they
don't involve cold outreach to people.
They don't involve any hard sales. It
just takes a while to build up and
actually get momentum. 5 6 7 8 are all
about hard sales. That's why for every
single one of them, cold DMing people on
LinkedIn and Instagram is the sales
process. I'm not going to stand here and
tell you to cold call people. I am an
introvert, so I would never do this. But
in my opinion, the absolute fastest way
to make money is always to go
doortodoor. I actually was forced to do
this. In high school, I had a job for
the New Jersey environment nonprofit
where I knocked doortodoor in the Jersey
humid summer heat and asked for money. I
had a script I was supposed to memorize.
just knocked on each door, asked for
money, and I I probably raised like 200
bucks per day. And that was like a lot
to me cuz I was in high school. I was
like, "Wow, you can just knock on doors
and people give you money? What?" I
cannot think of anything faster than
that. If you were to just like go meet
businesses in your area or even
neighbors and be like, "Hey, I'm doing a
training for JGBT or for Claude."
Depending on where you live, people may
not have even heard of Claude. So just
keep that in mind. So I'm just throwing
that out there as a tip. If you're
social or if you're already pretty
connected to your community, you can
post in Facebook groups and things like
that that you're hosting a training. So
that's kind of part of Claude and
consulting. Instead of cold DMing people
on LinkedIn and Instagram, you can post
in your local Facebook group. If you're
part of any chambers of commerce in your
community, that's another good avenue as
well. Or if you're really ambitious and
social, you could literally just knock
on doors, neighborhood doors or
businesses in your downtown, you can
even leave flyers on doors. I know
people say they hate that, but I've
hired a lot of services through flyers
people left at my door. As much as I
don't like it, I read every single flyer
and I'm like, relevant or not relevant,
right? But I didn't focus my talk that
much on that. I imagine a group of
people who are watching AI content on a
Friday are probably not super
extroverted. So, um, so that's not the
main thing that I'm going to suggest,
but I cannot think of anything faster.
So, let's talk about number nine, which
in my opinion is the hardest one on the
list. I'm a big fan of vibe coding and
everything. I think everybody should try
it just to show you what's possible and
it'll really blow your mind what you can
vibe code in a short period of time. I
should probably first talk about what
that is if people don't know vibe
coding. So for those who don't know,
vibe coding is basically building apps,
websites, products with AI. So
traditionally, you'd have to like
actually write code, but now with AI,
you can type what you want. Like I want
a mobile app that helps me organize what
I'm going to shop for at the grocery.
You can just type that sentence and then
AI will figure out what you're trying to
build, plan it out, write the code for
you and it show you a preview of what
your app or product looks like. So, it's
really powerful for simple MVPs and for
fast iteration. So, let's say you're
like trying to build lots of different
apps, trying to get a sense of like
which one you want to double down on.
Fibe coding is really awesome for that.
However, I personally think this is the
hardest path. And I generally don't
recommend people start with this because
if you're strapped for cash, this is
super slow. And if you don't have an
audience, super slow. Um, and if you
don't know marketing, you don't know how
to create content or work with people
who can create content to pop off on
social media, it's going to be such a
struggle to get your first initial
users. The reason why building apps with
AI is powerful though is because it's
usually recurring revenue, just like a
community we talked about. and also just
a multiplier on your enterprise value.
So basically fancy way of saying if you
build a technology product that is
valuable, you can eventually sell it for
a multiple of your revenue. So let's say
your revenue is like 1 million per year
and that you could realistically sell
this anywhere from 5 to 20 million
assuming you know your churn is not
insane. The acquirer can operate it
without you. you're not doing anything
like super sketchy. So, this is a pretty
conservative range. Certainly, there are
startups getting acquired for more than
this. And I would say five is on the
absolute lowest end if you're making 1
million in recurring revenue. This is
why people build technology cuz it's
like, wow, it has value to other
acquirers. However, it's the hardest one
to get started because you have to do
the marketing for it. People don't value
technology in the same way. people pay
dirt cheap prices whereas like
communities because they have
high-quality people in them, people are
willing to pay more for that. And it's
also just really hard to build a product
that is good. So vibe coding makes it
easy to build fast. It doesn't make it
easy to build something good. However,
if you're doing things correctly, you
can build very quickly, iterate very
quickly, and eventually that gets you to
a good product. So if you wanted to
start vibe coding though, like what
would be my suggestions? The number one
thing most people miss and mess up is
their vibecoded app is just way too
complicated. Like it's just doing too
much and you don't even have users. So
like you don't even know if it's doing
the right things. The ideal vibecoded
product just does one thing really well
in the first 90 seconds that someone
signs up. And that's it. One thing
really well in the first 90 seconds
someone signs up for your app. So, think
about like a new app you've tried and
the apps you actually stick to or you
pay for. They're the ones you tried
them. You understood what the heck it
was supposed to be doing and then it
actually did the thing very quickly. So,
you don't have to like figure out, oh, I
don't want to like click on 100 things
just to be able to post on social media,
you know, whatever it is that your app
does. So, that's my number one piece of
advice. Your MVP is probably way too
complicated. You're probably way
overthinking it. I would just limit it
to one thing that the user achieves in
their first 90 seconds using your app.
Don't make it like a hundred clicks just
to get to the aha moment. Okay, so
that's building. But how do you actually
acquire users? This is the other mistake
I see a lot of vibe coders make. So
while you're building, it's 90% of your
time on the product. That's normal,
right? 10% you're thinking about
marketing. That needs to completely flip
after you launch the product. So after
you launch the product, you need to
spend 90% of your time marketing,
especially if you don't have an
audience. Cuz if you don't do this, what
happens is you get like a little trickle
of users who sign up every day. You
don't have enough data to make any good
decisions. Most of these users probably
just don't even care about your product.
And that's totally normal. There's like
a saying in tech, it's like your biggest
competitor is indifference. People just
don't care that much. And that's totally
normal. But you don't want like a little
trickles so that every time you push a
feature, you only have like four users.
There's not much like data insights
you're collecting from that user base. A
lot of vibe coders get stuck because
they do not make this switch. They're
like still in product building mode, but
if you want the product to be
successful, you need to flip the ratio
and spend 90% of your time on marketing.
And what do I mean by marketing? It's
all the same concepts we've talked about
here. You could make content promoting
your product. If you don't have a brand
or community today, or you can partner
with someone who makes content, you
could do influencer marketing to pay for
influencers, right? You could do cold
DMs as well. Hey, I see that you have an
issue with X, Y, and Z cuz you commented
on a post that claims to fix it. I
actually built something just for that
if you'd like to try it out. Cold DM not
random people. cold DM the people who
raised their hand and said, "I do have
this painoint." And content, by the way,
doesn't have to be your face. So, it
could be a founders's face. But one of
my favorite websites to look at is
social growth engineers because they
document a lot of faceless formats that
go viral promoting apps and products
that don't involve the founders's face.
It could involve someone else's face or
it could be completely faceless. And
they have both types of case studies.
But in either case, it's a ton of
content that they're pushing. a ton of
it. It's not one post a day and hope it
works. Like, you wouldn't do that on the
product side. If you're 90% building the
product, you wouldn't just run one
prompt a day. Oh, that's that's the end
of my product development today. Like,
that's it. No, when you do flip this
ratio, it's 4 hours a day on marketing
minimum until you have a steady stream
of people trickling in so that you can
get the data you need to fix the product
or build the product you should have
built. So, one recurring point I want to
make here is people just don't do enough
volume. Like oftentimes, I mean, your
product looks good, your website looks
good, what are you doing for marketing?
And they're like, well, I made one
YouTube video 6 months ago. It's like
what? Like, what?
What have you done since then? Well, I
ran one Facebook ad. I put in like 1K
and it didn't work. Okay. Like, I'm
learning Facebook ads right now. My
budget for Facebook ads not working is
like $50,000. Like, I just assume shit's
not going to work. I'm okay with that
for like the first 3 months. So, yeah,
do more. Like, do a lot more. You're
probably not even doing anything close
to what you should be doing. This is
especially for people who are coming
from a technical background where I know
it's safer and it feels comfortable and
it feels like you're being productive by
like continuing to vibe code and add new
features and make your app look shiny,
but it's just not the right move. Either
you do it yourself or partner with
someone who's going to be able to bring
in users through the combination of
things I talked about. It could be cold
outreach, it could be posting content,
etc. But yeah, this is the biggest
mistake I see with vibe coders. why a
lot of people are just stuck. They vibe
coded cool things, don't have any users,
and certainly don't have any paying
users. They just do not make the switch
to spending 90% of their time on
marketing. And yeah, just to be
specific, at least 4 hours a day on
marketing. When I launched my own
product, I already had an audience. I
did number one first. And so I didn't
have to spend 90% of my time on
marketing. All that time before I built
the product was building my audience.
That was the shortcut, but not really a
shortcut because I did spend all that
time building an audience before even
thinking about building a product. I
will say though that vibe coding can be
incredibly profitable, but it's really
really hard for people to start with. I
honestly don't recommend it as a
business model if you're brand new to
AI. The reality is if we go to the list,
my personal recommendation and bias is
always to start with content just
because it sets you up for everything
else you may want to do. If you just
start building a personal brand, you
could make money through sponsorships.
That's what I talked about in number
one. Or you could make money building a
community. Most actually all of the big
AI communities that are generating
50,000 per month or more started with a
founder with a personal brand. And
that's how they funneled and initially
seated the community. You could decide
after making content, hey, I want to
specialize in claude training and now
you have an audience. So you can just
start posting, hey, I'm going to offer
cloud training. Does anyone in my
audience want this? Like it's a very
easy transition. Or if you're going vibe
coding just like I did, like I launched
my product to my existing audience.
That's how I was able to bootstrap it
very quickly initially. I will say that
like having an audience is no guarantee
that your product will work.
There are certainly people who paid for
my product just to support me, not
because the product was good, and I know
that, but it buys you some cycles.
Because of my audience, I immediately
had a nice little flow of people coming
in. So, I could just be like, "Hey,
what's broken? Let me fix it." So it
gave me a very tight feedback loop so
that every time I launch a feature I get
feedback immediately. Whereas founders
who are struggling with number nine it's
like every time you launch a feature
nobody uses it because you have no user.
So you have no idea that was the right
thing to do. Like that is a really tough
demotivating kind of depressing place to
be in. Which is why if that's you
partner with someone who does marketing
or suck it up and do 4 hours of
marketing every single day. There's no
other way around that situation to get
yourself in momentum. But honestly, this
is one of the harder paths. I know it's
super hype right now. I'm actually quite
bullish on vibe coding, but that doesn't
mean you have to turn it into your own
business. For example, like you could
you could vibe code like internal
dashboards and stuff for companies that
counts as consulting. You can vibe code
parts of this AI personal assistance for
business founders. But vibe coding an
actual app or product to high
profitability, I think is one of the
harder paths here. I would still choose
it over this one, though.
So, if you're asking me, I would still
choose it over number eight.
So, yeah. So, we covered nine different
ways to make revenue, generate revenue,
build income streams. Every single one
of these can be scaled to $1 million.
It's really a matter of choosing the
path that makes sense for you. Path A,
these first four are kind of a slow
burn. If you are the type of person who
can do marathons, for me, when I started
creating content, my timeline was five
years. I was like, well, I'll give it 5
years. One thing I know I can do is just
do something for several years. That's
one of my strengths and I know that. So,
if you are like that, like you don't
mind the marathon, they could have down
days. There are some weeks I don't post
content, I just want a break, but you
know you can keep going. then honestly
one of these slowburn paths may be the
right one for you. But if you absolutely
want cash right now, I would suggest 5 6
7 or even number eight, especially if
you have like a technical background or
you can partner with someone to do the
back-end fulfillment building these
automations. And again, the main thing
for these is just cold outreach to
people 4 hours a day typically on
LinkedIn or Instagram. It works like I
know it works because I've hired people
who have cold DM'd me. I still read
them. And then number nine, I don't
recommend this unless you already have
an existing audience or you have a
technical background. You can partner
with someone with a marketing
background, but this number nine can
also make a lot of money. However, it's
not that easy. So, don't recommend it
for most people starting out. Okay. So,
but thanks everybody for sticking around
on YouTube, Instagram, and Twitch for
watching.